{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21180\viewh12360\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Rescue Bob\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Story:\
\
Your name is Sir Owen. Your fiancee Princess Bob was kidnapped by Iris, the Prince of another Empire, who wants to marry Princess Bob. In order to rescue her, you have to pass through the dark forest, the deadly dessert, the winter land, the underwater empire, as well as the sky empire. In each stage, you\'92ll be attacked by different enemies. Your goal is to defeat the enemies, collect as many coins as possible, and successfully rescue Princess Bob.\
\
Settings
\f2 \'a3\'ba\

\f1 \
Enemies
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 You need to jump on enemies to destroy them. You can also avoid direct contact with them. Otherwise you\'92ll die.\
Lives
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 You have multiple but limited lives. Each time you\'92re hit by an enemy, your lives will be reduced by 1. You\'92ll lose the game if you have no more lives left.\
Timer
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 Time is limited. You need to hurry up
\f2 \'a3\'a1\

\f1 Death
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 Once you fall down the platform, you\'92ll die. You have to go back to the main menu and restart the game.\
Moving Platforms
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 Watch out the moving platforms as they\'92ll move either up and down or left and right.\
Windy Area
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 You\'92ll experience windy areas in dessert and winter land.\
Chests and Money bags
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1 Surprise
\f2 \'a3\'a1
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Assets:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Princess: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/publishers/12977"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/publishers/12977}}\
Monsters: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518}}\
Coins: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518}}\
Platforms: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/simple-2d-platformer-assets-pack-188518}}\
Knight: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/knight-sprite-sheet-free-93897"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/characters/knight-sprite-sheet-free-93897}}\
Background Sound: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/music/casual-game-bgm-5-135943"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/audio/music/casual-game-bgm-5-135943}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Move
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1  A & D\
Jump
\f2 \'a3\'ba
\f1  Space\
\
}